Campbell: Where are you going dressed like that?

Sophie: Just getting drinks with Samuel to discuss the Henderson project.

Campbell: Oh, really? Drinks with Samuel again? That's the third time this month.

Sophie: Don't start this. He's my boss, and this is work-related.

Campbell: At 8 PM? In that dress? Give me a fucking break.

Sophie: What's wrong with my dress? And yes, at 8 PM because that's when we both finished our other meetings.

Campbell: Nothing's wrong with the dress. That's exactly my point. You never dress like that for me anymore.

Sophie: Oh my god, are we really doing this right now? You're being ridiculous.

Campbell: Am I? Am I really being ridiculous for wondering why my girlfriend is getting all dolled up for her boss?

Sophie: You know what? Your jealousy is getting really old, really fast.

Campbell: My jealousy? How about your complete disregard for my feelings?

Sophie: My disregard? I've been killing myself trying to make partner at the firm while you sit here wallowing in your depression!

Campbell: Wow. Wow. That's low, Sophie. Really fucking low.

Sophie: Well, maybe if you'd get help like I've been begging you to for months...

Campbell: Oh, here we go. Saint Sophie with all the answers. You know what? Maybe I'm depressed because my girlfriend's never home!

Sophie: Don't you dare put that on me. Your mental health is not my responsibility.

Campbell: No, but being faithful to your partner is!

Sophie: Excuse me? Are you actually accusing me of cheating?

Campbell: If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck...

Sophie: Fuck you, Campbell. You have no idea how hard I work.

Campbell: Hard at work or hardly working? Those late nights at the office seem pretty convenient.

Sophie: You're such an asshole. Samuel respects me for my brain, unlike you.

Campbell: Oh, I'm sure he respects a lot more than your brain.

Sophie: You're disgusting. And you want to know something? At least Samuel listens when I talk.

Campbell: Because he's trying to get in your pants!

Sophie: No, because he's actually interested in what I have to say! When was the last time you asked me about my day? About my cases?

Campbell: When was the last time you were actually here to ask?

Sophie: I'm here right now, aren't I? And look how that's going.

Campbell: Yeah, on your way out the door to meet your precious Samuel.

Sophie: His name is Mr. Wilson to you.

Campbell: Oh, but he's Samuel to you, isn't he? Nice and intimate.

Sophie: You know what? I can't do this anymore. I can't keep defending myself against your paranoid accusations.

Campbell: Paranoid? You're gaslighting me now?

Sophie: There you go again! Everything's an attack on you!

Campbell: Maybe because everything you do lately feels like an attack!

Sophie: That's because you're so goddamn fragile! Everything sets you off!

Campbell: Better than being an ice queen who's too busy climbing the corporate ladder to care about her relationship!

Sophie: At least I'm climbing something! What have you done in the past year except spiral?

Campbell: Fuck you. Just... fuck you, Sophie.

Sophie: No, fuck you, Campbell. I'm done walking on eggshells.

Campbell: Walking on eggshells? You've been stomping all over us!

Sophie: What us? There hasn't been an 'us' for months!

Campbell: Well, maybe there should be no 'us' at all then!

Sophie: Maybe you're right. Maybe this is it.

Campbell: Don't do this. Don't you dare blame this all on me.

Sophie: I'm not. I'm blaming it on us. We're toxic, Campbell.

Campbell: We weren't always like this.

Sophie: No, we weren't. But we are now.

Campbell: So that's it? You're choosing your career over us?

Sophie: I'm choosing my sanity. And you should choose to get help.

Campbell: Don't pretend you care about my well-being now.

Sophie: I've always cared. That's what makes this so hard.

Campbell: Hard? You seemed pretty ready to walk out that door a minute ago.

Sophie: Because I can't be your punching bag anymore!

Campbell: And I can't be your backup plan when Samuel doesn't work out!

Sophie: For the last time, there's nothing going on with Samuel!

Campbell: Keep telling yourself that. We both know where this is heading.

Sophie: You know what? I don't need this. I don't need any of this.

Campbell: Then leave. Go run to Samuel. See if I care.

Sophie: You're just proving my point. You can't even have a rational conversation anymore.

Campbell: And you can't be honest with yourself, let alone with me.

Sophie: I'm taking my stuff tomorrow while you're at work.

Campbell: Of course you are. Avoiding confrontation as usual.

Sophie: No, avoiding another toxic argument like this one.

Campbell: Just make sure you don't take anything I paid for. Since you're so independent and all.

Sophie: Don't worry. I don't want any reminders of this relationship.

Campbell: Perfect. Neither do I.

Sophie: I guess this is it then.

Campbell: I guess it is. Have a nice life, Sophie.

Sophie: You too, Campbell. I really hope you get the help you need.

Campbell: And I hope Samuel's worth it.

Sophie: Go to hell.

Campbell: Already there, thanks to you.

Sophie: Goodbye, Campbell.

Campbell: Don't let the door hit you on the way out.

Sophie: Trust me, I'm running through it.