Laura: Jacob, honey... I noticed the peace lily is drooping again.

Jacob: Is it? I could have sworn I watered it just the other day.

Laura: That was last week, dear. You know how delicate that one is.

Jacob: Last week? No, no... I'm certain it was more recent than that.

Laura: The soil is completely dry. Feel it.

Jacob: Well... maybe you're right. The days just blend together lately.

Laura: They do, don't they? But we talked about this. I can't keep all the plants alive by myself anymore. My arthritis...

Jacob: I know, I know. I'm trying to remember. It's just... everything's different now that I'm not working. No routine.

Laura: I understand that. But these plants... they're like our children now that the kids are gone.

Jacob: Please don't start with that again. I'm not completely useless just because I'm forgetful sometimes.

Laura: I never said you were useless! I would never think that.

Jacob: But you get that look in your eyes... like you're disappointed.

Laura: It's not disappointment, Jacob. It's worry. You used to love tending to the garden.

Jacob: I still do. I just... I don't know. Sometimes I feel like I'm losing pieces of myself.

Laura: Oh, my dear... You haven't lost anything. You're still my Jacob.

Jacob: Am I? Sometimes I see you looking at old photos, and I wonder if you miss who I used to be.

Laura: I love who you are at every age. Even when you forget to water the plants.

Jacob: Even when I make you repeat things three times?

Laura: Even then. Although I wouldn't mind if you wrote things down more often.

Jacob: I could... I could put a little notebook in my pocket. Like Dad used to do.

Laura: That might help. And I could put the watering can by your morning coffee spot.

Jacob: You always know how to fix things without making me feel foolish.

Laura: Forty years of practice, my love. And you've done the same for me countless times.

Jacob: Remember when you were convinced you'd lost your glasses?

Laura: And they were on top of my head for three hours! You never made fun of me for that.

Jacob: Well, maybe just a little.

Laura: Only because you love me.

Jacob: More than ever. Even when you nag me about the plants.

Laura: I don't nag! I... remind with love.

Jacob: Is that what we're calling it now?

Laura: Would you prefer "gentle botanical suggestion"?

Jacob: I would prefer my wife's smile. The one I fell in love with.

Laura: You sweet talker... Still trying to charm your way out of trouble after all these years.

Jacob: Is it working?

Laura: Maybe a little. But the peace lily still needs water.

Jacob: How about we water it together? Like we used to do in the garden.

Laura: I'd like that. Your company always makes everything better.

Jacob: Even the chores?

Laura: Especially the chores. I love you, you forgetful old man.

Jacob: And I love you, you patient gardener.